Jen, do you know you're playing with fire?
Director Shen, I can say anything.
After this is over.
This gift from my friend will slowly open.
Who did you say sent the men to kill the Shen brothers?
This person is also very big, maybe this cloud is like me.
It's important.
What about some of them who have a relationship of interest?
Countless.
This is not the winner.
We all hope the King is born.
Tell me who's trying to kill me.
But I had to kill him.
Hey, but this little beauty is really nice.
You said if you take good care of me
I could be without you.
Butter.
The great warrior was unexpected.
The taste of you
It's unique.
You know what?
I have a hobby of being a woman.
Besides, she's beautiful.
Ah, you.
Then I'll take good care of him.
Wait for me to get out of the way.
Or I'll kill him.